So now you already know what's said is that there they're Kapleau of numeric SATs that we can use and
we use these sets a lot for example with functions.
So let's take a look at them.
First one is called natural numbers.
It is defined as this and and it contains numbers like 1 2 3.
And so one to infinity.
So an doesn't contain zero.
It doesn't contain minus 1 it doesn't contain 3.5.
I just said I want to talk about is the set of real numbers and this said containing every number you
can think of.
So every number in this world like zero minus 50 Try free point five ONE-THIRD.
So every number from minus infinity to infinity next sad is the set of rational numbers.
It is defined as this.
Q And this set is containing all the numbers that can be expressed as a fraction of two integer values.
So for example 1 divided by free or minus three divided by five.
But for example plie won't be here because it is irrational number or not a set is the set of integers.
It is defined as Z and what it contains.
Well it contains whole numbers so numbers that can be written without fractional component.
So for example forty one zero minus five thousand are all integers about five point twenty five is not
minus two divided by three is also not.
So this is a set of numbers without decimal point from minus infinity to infinity.
So these are the main numeric sets we will use these later on in this Kerr's.